A3:
We have 2 APIs at apartments/api/ and subleases/api/. These APIs release all of the listings we have of the particular sort. They both respond with JSON.

UI description - 
Our primary site will focus on 2 things. On the left, filling about 1/3 of the screen is a list of apartment and sublease listings. On the right, filling the rest of the 2/3 will be an interactive map.
The map has not been implemented yet and currently is being used a spot to demonstrate the server-side graph. Once this week is graded, we will remove the map and work on implementing an interactive map using 
a JS library of some sort. Apartments will be shown and selectable through this map.

URL linking and navigation -
We separated URLs into each respective app. In the HTML, the links are referenced using the link name or get_absolute_url instead of hardcoding. This will future-proof our project and prevent small changes to views or URLs needing
tons of revisions elsewhere. The home page will be our listings. Our detail page is demonstrated by clicking on view details on this listing page. This link, which uses get_absolute_url, shows additional information about the property.

A9:

AI Workflow Explanation:

In our system, the workflow start with user entering prompts through the "Chatbot" tab located at the navigation bar at the top of page, with options of local AI model and Gemini API provided at user's choice. 

On clicking the search button, the user's message/prompt is sent to the backend with POST method. Depend on the model chosen by the user, the message is sent to the local embedding model "sentence-transformers/all-MiniLM-L6-v2" and LLM "vhab10/llama-3-8b-merged-linear" for process or to Google Gemini "gemini-3.1-flash-lite-preview".

Either way, the output is generated by the models with pre-built prompts and data passed from the apartments listings database, asking the model to rank the data and take the top 3 listings parsed into JSON format.

Then it is sent to the website for display.


2.2: Architecture Explanation
System Diagram

User (chatbot input)

      V
Django apartments/view.py (POST Request Handler)

      V
Model Selection Logic
(Local LLM or Gemini API)

      V
[Local AI Path]

      V
Embedding Model (all-MiniLM-L6-v2)

      V
Vector Search (Apartment Listings DB)

      V
Top-3 Listings Retrieved

      V
Prompt Construction (Listings + User Query)

      V
Local LLM (LLaMA 3-8B)

      V
Structured Output (Top 3 Listings JSON)

      V
Frontend Display (Chatbot UI)


2.3 Rationale:

As stated in the preview section, we chose "vhab10/llama-3-8b-merged-linear" as our large language model. 

Being a medium sized model of 8 billion parameters it had decent accuracy compared to the other models in our analysis, larger or smaller. In the preliminary AI prototyping phase, this model generated fair responses suitable for our three testing prompts, while the others failed or was taking to much processing power to generate. 

At our integration stage, the model successfully output the instructed format with great accuracy. In our earlier analysis, we had a smaller sized model "Qwen2.5-1.5B-Instruct" as an alternative which had good accuracy and faster speed. 

However, we chose the llama model in the end for its consistent good quality and great speed/latency.